hi my girl shooting blood and today they
I bring this double recipe this is for
getty pico cited so rich and delicious and
of this chicken milanesa the recipe of
Spaghetti is totally original is from
my creation and I hope you like the
ingredients for this recipe are mushrooms
green pepper fresh cilantro lemon
cream cheese
cream
a that homemade appointment from the red
butter olive oil spaghetti
extra virgin
to accompany I will use some
Milanese chicken breast then
I'm going to be using some breasts
chicken cut in milanesa and breadcrumbs
let's boil our water in
which we are going to consider our
spaghetti and we're going to put a little
olive oil
extra virgin so you have much more
taste a little salt salt always
goes to taste
and let's wait for the water to boil and
already when it is boiling we are going to
put the spaghetti
once it starts to boil our
water we can put our spaghetti
let's cook
and we're going to leave it cooking for 12
minutes and it's going to be the perfect time
so that it is in its point to pass it to
the sauce
twelve minutes to wait for
cook in the spaghetti
we will be using as three
quarters of the foot and also would like
thank my mom who helped me with the
camera today to record this video
and lake is putting in the blender
let's put our cream on the cream
it's simple cream sour cream
I was bluish expression because it's less
Acid
I'll be putting the salsa verde
and we are going to liquefy
and I'll be in hoorn 'I 'm not here
to cool it well
because I want to finish cooking
with the sauce and so it is not so watered down
I already here my mushrooms pique the one of
those of a foot and they also bite them already
chop the green pepper and that the
cilantro party and lemon to go
advancing with time and making
little things a little faster
in a pot I'm going to put a little bit of
olive oil
and I'm going to let it warm up a little bit
let's stop a little butter
here in the oil and we're going to let it
melt in the olive oil and it
cook
and I will be putting a little
high chopped so that it takes more flavor
fried steamer
and before the tacos are put on
I'm going to cook
green pepper
and after a little while I'm going
to put in the fields also the kitchen
and I'll be putting the mushrooms
I will be cooking very well
our shoulders and the pepper is already
ready and now I'm going to empty here the
zarcita to cook also all
the peppers and grip the marker a lot
although this way alone already has a flavor
very delicious is also wanted national
who is choosing you can also serve
very good for a vegetarian dish
but for vegetarians if you take
dairy because it is not carrying meat
and we're going to let it cook fast as
the sauce is almost finished
cooking now yes I will be putting the
Spaghetti
and we're going to let him cook for a little while
this is for getty it looks and it knows
delicious
I can be saving our Milanese
and putting a pinch of pepper
and we're going to move to grinding
and now we are going to cook
I have already heated my pan and I am
putting a little bit of olive oil
extra virgin
and I 'm going to put a little garlic
and it's for him to release the smell
taste and I'll be putting
first milanese
and I'm going to let her cook
two minutes on each side and with that
material because the Milanese mine is very
thin and the chicken breast is
very fast kitchen
and it is already cooked by the other side and
is hitting the chicken lens
I'm going to leave it on the other side, almost
she is ready
and I have my breast ready to serve
and this first dish that came out that is
the sample for the video and that is
much more delicious is going to eat it
dad who is the one who is waiting very
impatient his saucer
for decoration we can put a
little bit of fresh cilantro on the
pasta
and decorate with some lemons
and here is my spaghetti already ready that does not
I knew what name to put him since the idea
It was original and I would like it
suggest one here in the comments and
they give you little fingers up if you like them
one
It's delicious, I'm here
where the chicken
very good
the bread the tasty
with the chicken of Spain
It's very good